# Data Extraction Information (Independent of local executables)

Data stored in ..\..\data is generated by going to C:\Users\Warren\chess-grab and running:
     node testnode.js
 
Testnode.js generates game files for the current year.  It can be modified for handling
other years, but that data has already been extracted and saved, so this code probably does
not need to change.
 
Files created can then be copied to ..\..\data.  These files are named yYYYYmMM.json
where YYYY is the year and MM is the month.
 
Note that if you set up a local file named chess.ini with a fromdir parameter set in the
default section, then the files will be copied to ..\..\data automatically.

chess.ini should also have user = <player-name> set in the DEFAULT section.
  
# Local executables

Reports are generated as html files in the reports directory.

Running openings.py generates a general report of openings (All Sicilians, all Philidor ...)
plus specific reports for detailed openings (Sicilian variations, for example).

Running time_issues.py generates a report of how much time shortages affect the current player.

Running get_game_info.py generates a game description and records for each game and places
those descriptions in the game directory

# Specific description of each Python file.

constants.py defines constants used by the other routines.

extract_game.py contains functions that read the json files in the data directory and
extracts the game information as a single list, where each entry is a dictionary of
a game's data.

utilities.py contains functions of general use.  These include get_times which returns
white and black clock values expressed as integers of one-tenth of a second, and material
which returns a positive material advantage number if white is ahead, and a negative
material advantage number if black is ahead.

io_module.py contains io functions.  It uses templates in the template directory to generate
html pages stored in the reports directory.

openings.py contains functions that summarizes extracted data into opening table information.

time_issues.py contains functions to figure out how much time shortages affected the player.

check_mate.py displays and analyzes checkmate positions.

get_game_info.py formats game records.
